Dear [*FIRST-NAME*],

As program chairs of the 7th Edition of the International workshop on
Constraints in Software Testing, Verification and Analysis (CSTVA), we would
like to invite you to serve on the program committee for CSTVA 2016. CSTVA is
a forum that brings together researchers in constraint and SMT solving,
software test and analysis, and other
programming-languages/software-engineering (PL/SE) areas, in order to promote 
the relevance of constraint and SMT solving in the broader PL/SE research
community, and encourage development of new applications based on tunable,
extensible, and programmable solvers.

CSTVA will take place on July 17th, 2016 in Saarbruecken, Germany. The tentative
schedule leading up to the workshop is as follows:

Full papers due: April 22nd
Assignments to PC: April 25th
Final reviews due: May 9th
Online discussion: May 9-16th
Notification to authors: May 17th

The workshop website is at: http://research.microsoft.com/cstva2016

We are planning to have a broad PC to cover a wide spectrum of paper topics,
and are aiming to keep the reviewer load to less than 3 papers. After papers are
submitted, there will be a short period for PC members to bid on papers of
interest, which we will do our best to assign to you. Most discussion will be
handled virtually, with additional discussion via phone calls or video chats as
need be. The review process will consist of a single round.

We encourage PC members to submit papers to the workshop and suggest that you
encourage others to submit as well. The PC chairs are excluded from submitting
papers, however.

We do ask that PC members perform their own reviews and not outsource their
reviews to others. We would of course be happy to consider additional external
expert reviewers when the need arises. 

Please let us know as soon as possible, preferably before March 14th, whether
you can accept this invitation. If you accept, please send us your name and
professional affiliation as you would like it to appear on the website and in
the proceedings, as well as your preferred email address. 

We look forward to working with you to create a high quality, dynamic, and
interesting technical program for the 7th edition of CSTVA! 

Best regards,

Christoph Wintersteiger and Omer Tripp
CSTVA 2016 Program Chairs
